ALL RIGHT, THIS IS
THE STUDENT STORE
WHERE YOU VOLUNTEERED
TO WORK.
UH, WE DIDN'T
EVEN VOLUNTEER,
MS. DEPAULO.
YEAH, AND YOU TRICKED US
BECAUSE THERE'S
NO PONY RIDES IN HERE.
WELL, DO WE AT LEAST
GET STUDENT SERVICE CREDIT?
ONLY IF YOU
DO A GOOD JOB.
BUT IF YOU DON'T,
YOU'RE FIRED.
OH, WAIT.
ONE OF YOU HAS
TO BE STORE MANAGER.
AH, AH ,AH!
LET ME GIVE THIS
SOME SERIOUS
THOUGHT.
ONE POTATO,
2 POTATO--EDDIE!
HEH HEH HEH!
NOW, OK, UH,
I KNOW MS. DEPAULO
PUT ME IN CHARGE,
BUT I'M NOT INTO
THE WHOLE BOSSING
PEOPLE AROUND THING.
WE'RE A TEAM, AND
ANY DECISIONS WE MAKE
WE MAKE TOGETHER.
WE COOL?
YEAH, WE'RE COOL.
ALL RIGHT,
LET'S OPEN UP.
Chantel: EDDIE?
OH, HEY, CHANTEL.
I DIDN'T SEE YOU
AT LUNCH TODAY.
WELL, I'LL BE
WORKING HERE NOW.
YEAH, BUT WHAT
ABOUT CHANTEL TIME?
WELL, DON'T WORRY,
SNOOKUMS.
WE'RE STILL ON
FOR TONIGHT.
GOOD. BECAUSE
I'M IN THE MOOD
FOR A REALLY GOOD
STEAK.
HEH HEH HEH!
EXCUSE ME.
OK.
STAFF MEETING!
CAN I BORROW
SOME MONEY?
UH, CHANTEL'S
IN THE MOOD FOR STEAK.
NO. WE JUST
LOANED YOU MONEY
TO TAKE HER OUT
FOR LOBSTER.
YEAH. HOW COME SHE'S
NEVER IN THE MOOD
FOR SOMETHING
YOU CAN AFFORD?
YEAH?
WELL, LOOK, LADIES,
I KNOW CHANTEL
HAS EXPENSIVE TASTES.
HEH HEH HEH!
BUT SHE'S WORTH IT.
DO IT FOR YOUR BOY.
ALL RIGHT,
WE GOT YOU.
COOL! HA HA!
STEAK IT IS, BABY.
OH! I CAN'T WAIT,
SNOOKIE-PUSS.
ME NEITHER,
COOKIE LIPS.
AW! THAT IS SO SWEET!
I MEAN, HOW COME
WE DON'T HAVE
ANY CUTE LITTLE
NICKNAMES, YOU KNOW?
OK, BISCUIT HEAD.
AW!
LET'S GO.
♪ IF YOU COULD GAZE
INTO THE FUTURE ♪
♪ FUTURE, FUTURE ♪
♪ YOU MIGHT THINK
LIFE WOULD BE A BREEZE ♪
♪ LIFE IS A BREEZE ♪
♪ SEEING TROUBLE
FROM A DISTANCE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
GO, RAE!
♪ BUT IT'S NOT THAT EASY ♪
♪ OH, NO ♪
♪ I TRY TO SAVE
THE SITUATION ♪
♪ THEN I END UP
MISBEHAVIN' ♪
♪ OHH, WHOA, OH ♪
♪ HEY, NOW, SAY NOW ♪
♪ 'BOUT TO PUT IT DOWN,
YEAH ♪
♪ COME ON AND RIDE
WITH THE BREAK NOW ♪
♪ AND THE FUTURE
LOOKS GREAT NOW ♪
♪ AND EVERYTHING'S
GONNA CHANGE NOW ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME, YEAH ♪
YEP, THAT'S ME.
OK, CHELS.
I'M SORRY. WHO?
BISCUIT HEAD.
YES?
CHECK IT OUT.
OK, BY DISPLAYING
THE MERCHANDISE IN
AN ATTRACTIVE FASHION,
PEOPLE WILL BE MORE
TEMPTED TO BUY IT.
OH!
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING--
AAH! MY GOODNESS!
MY BAD.
WHAT IS THIS MONSTROSITY?!
LADIES, I'D LIKE
TO INTRODUCE YOU
TO SEÑOR FREEZY.
EDDIE, WHEN DID WE DECIDE
ON BRINGING IN SEÑOR FREEZY?
OH, IT WAS
CHANTEL'S IDEA.
SEE, HER UNCLE
OWNS AN ICE CREAM STORE,
AND SHE GOT HIM
TO DONATE
AN OLD ONE
TO THE SCHOOL.
I HOPE YOU GUYS LIKE
IT. IT'S GONNA BE
SO MUCH FUN
WORKING HERE.
EXCUSE ME? YOU'RE
WORKING HERE? EXCUSE ME?
EDDIE HIRED ME.
OH, HE DID? OH,
WELL, CONGRATULATIONS!
WELCOME! ALL RIGHT,
STAFF MEETING!
UM, EXCUSE ME, EDDIE,
BUT YOU ARE MAKING A LOT
OF DECISIONS WITHOUT US.
WE ARE A "TEAM."
LOOK,
I'M SORRY, RAE.
I'M SORRY. LOOK.
IT'S JUST THAT
WITH ME WORKING HERE
ME AND CHANTEL
HAVE NO TIME
TO SPEND TOGETHER.
AW, EDDIE!
RAE, JUST WANTS TO
SPEND A LITTLE TIME
WITH HIS GIRL.
ALL RIGHT. BUT...
WE ARE A TEAM, EDDIE.
YES, YES, COOL!
I OWE YOU ONE.
HA HA!
OK, Y'ALL, LET'S
GET BACK TO WORK.
THIS ICE CREAM
MACHINE HERE NEEDS
SOME SCRUBBING.
RIGHT. HERE YOU
GO, CHANTEL.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
WE'RE GONNA GIVE
THAT BACK TO RAE.
HEH HEH HEH!
GOT A SPECIAL JOB
FOR YOU, BABY. LOOK.
MAN, BUT
THIS THING'S FILTHY.
WHY ISN'T
CHANTEL HELPING?
[GRINDS]
BLOW. HEH HEH!
OH, WAIT, WAIT,
PACE YOURSELF. OK?
I DON'T WANT YOU
GETTING LIGHT-HEADED.
THIS IS NOT GOOD,
BISCUIT HEAD.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S
REVIEW OUR FRACTIONS.
AGAIN? MAN,
I COULD DO THIS
IN MY SLEEP.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
OH, THAT MUST BE OUR
NEW STUDENT TEACHER.
I'D LIKE YOU ALL
TO MEET MS. BONITA.
[HEAVENLY HIP-HOP
MELODY PLAYS]
HELLO, CLASS.
HELLO, MS. BONITA!
CLASS, MS. BONITA'S
HERE TO OFFER
INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION
IN ANY OF THE AREAS
YOU NEED HELP IN.
NOW BACK TO
THE FRACTIONS. CORY?
3/4 PLUS 1/4 EQUALS?
17.
CORY, YOU KNOW THIS.
I'M SORRY, MRS. APPLEBAUM,
I JUST DON'T GET IT.
MAYBE I NEED SOME OF
THAT INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION.
VERY WELL. WHY DON'T
YOU GO IN THE BACK
AND WORK
WITH MS. BONITA?
SO, CORY,
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
EVERYTHING. THIS
COULD TAKE A LONG TIME.
WHATEVER IT TAKES, CORY.
I'M HERE TO HELP.
AND IF YOU STILL
DON'T GET IT, I DO
AFTER-SCHOOL TUTORING.
YOU MEAN
COME TO MY HOUSE?
IF IT'S OK
WITH YOUR PARENTS.
MY DAD ALWAYS LISTENS
TO REASON.
DADDY, I'M DUMB.
CORY!
PLEASE, I NEED HELP
WITH MATH.
IT'S SO HARD.
SON, YOU'RE GOOD AT MATH.
HEY, YOU EVEN DO OUR TAXES.
I'M NOT GOOD AT IT
ANYMORE.
I LOST MY MATH MOJO.
I NEED
A PRIVATE TUTOR.
A NEW ACCOUNTANT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I TELL YOU WHAT.
HOW ABOUT
I CUT BACK MY HOURS
AT THE CHILL GRILL
AND I WORK WITH YOU
EVERY DAY?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
NO, NO, YOU CAN'T!
I MEAN, YOU CAN'T
LET YOUR BUSINESS SUFFER
JUST BECAUSE MY BRAIN
STOPPED WORKING. UN-UH.
WELL, I GUESS I GOTTA
LOOK FOR A TUTOR, THEN.
LOOK NO FURTHER.
BAM! RIGHT THERE.
OH, I SEE
YOU FILLED OUT
THE PERMISSION SLIP.
NO TIME TO WASTE, DAD.
I'M GETTING DUMBER
BY THE MINUTE.
SIGN, COME ON!
COME ON, CHELS,
WHAT IS TAKING SO LONG?
WHERE'S THAT SWIRLY
WITH SPRINKLES?
I'M WORKING ON IT!
ENJOY YOUR ICE CREAM.
THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING
AT THE BAYSIDE
STUDENT STORE. NEXT!
KENNY, YOU STILL WAITING
ON THAT BACKPACK, HUH?
RAE, HURRY UP
WITH THAT BACKPACK!
I'M WORKING ON IT!
SORRY, KENNY. YOU KNOW,
GOOD HELP IS SO HARD
TO FIND THESE DAYS,
BROTHER. THEY CAN'T
ALL BE CHANTELS. HA--
HEADS UP!
LOOK, LET ME STAMP YOUR
FREQUENT SHOPPER CARD.
HEH! YOU HAVE A GIFT,
GIRL. YOU REALLY DO.
I DON'T CARE WHAT
NOBODY SAYS, SUGAR.
EDDIE,
I HAVE TO GO. MWAH!
AND DON'T FORGET.
ONLY ONE MORE
SHOPPING DAY
UNTIL SOMEBODY'S
BIRTHDAY.
RIGHT! YOU KNOW
I GOT YOU, SWEET THING.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT NOTHING.
I GOT YOU. I GOT YOU! OK?
HA HA HA HA HA--
LOOK, I DON'T GOT HER.
LOOK, I REALLY WANT TO GET
CHANTEL SOMETHING NICE
FOR HER BIRTHDAY,
BUT--LOOK, CAN I
BORROW SOME MONEY?
FORGET IT.
YEAH, NO WAY!
WE CANNOT AFFORD
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
ANYMORE.
OK, SO THAT'S
WHAT THIS IS
ALL ABOUT?
YOU ALL HATING
ON CHANTEL, HUH?
I HAVE NOTHING
AGAINST CHANTEL,
BUT NOW THAT YOU BRING IT
UP, SHE COULD CARRY
A LITTLE BIT MORE
OF THE LOAD AROUND HERE.
OH, SO NOW YOU
DON'T LIKE THE WAY
I RUN MY BUSINESS.
EDDIE, YOU'RE
TWISTING IT ALL UP.
YEAH! I MEAN,
COME ON, EDDIE,
ALL RAE IS SAYING HERE
IS THAT YOU'RE
AN UNFAIR, LOVESICK,
MONEY-BORROWING TYRANT.
BUT NOT IN A BAD WAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S ALL GOOD.
I'M GONNA
GET THAT MONEY
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
THANKS FOR HELPING
ME OUT, "TEAM."
[DOOR CLOSES]
I DON'T KNOW, RAE.
I'M KIND OF
WORRIED ABOUT HIM.
HE SOUNDED
REALLY DESPERATE.
CHANTEL'S GONNA
LOVE ME FOR THIS!
OHH!
WHAT DID YOU SEE?
CHELSEA, HE'S MORE
DESPERATE THAN WE THINK.
I JUST SAW EDDIE
STEALING MONEY
OUT OF THE SAFE.
RAE, YOUR VISION
DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
I MEAN, DO YOU REALLY
THINK EDDIE WOULD
STEAL OUT OF THE SAFE?
IT'S NOT LIKE HIM,
BUT THEN AGAIN,
HE'S NEVER
BEEN ANYBODY'S
SNOOKIE-PUSS BEFORE.
I BELIEVE
THIS SETTLES OUR
ACCOUNT IN FULL.
EDDIE, WHERE DID YOU
GET THIS MONEY?
LET'S JUST SAY I DID
WHAT I HAD TO DO.
WHAT DID YOU HAVE TO DO?
DON'T WORRY, BECAUSE
WHAT I DID IS DONE.
GOOD DAY.
WELL, I THINK
HE DONE DID IT.
WELL,
WE HAVE TO UNDID IT.
COME ON, CHELS. WE
GOTTA CHECK THAT SAFE.
I JUST HOPE
WE'RE WRONG, CHELS.
ME, TOO!
OK. OH, IT'S LOCKED!
WHY WOULD SOMEONE
LOCK A SAFE?
OK. WE GOTTA
CRACK THIS.
UM, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S EASY.
I'VE SEEN IT DONE
IN MOVIES ALL THE TIME.
LET ME SEE--
PERFECT! PERFECT!
HERE, CHELS.
YOU HEAR ANYTHING, RAE?
HUH? HOW ABOUT NOW?
HOW ABOUT NOW?
DO YOU, DO YOU, DO YOU?
MAN, IS THIS THING ON?
OW! OW!
CHELS! HELLO,
IT HAS TO BE QUIET!
OK. THANKS A LOT.
SHH!
[WHISPERING]
Can I try?
Here, Chels. Try it out.
Let's see if you can do it.
OK.
CHELS.
YEAH?
HOW'D YOU DO THAT?
OH, THE COMBINATION'S WRITTEN
ON THE BACK OF THIS SIGN.
OK! GET OUT OF MY WAY.
WELL, YEP. IT LOOKS
LIKE ALL THE MONEY'S HERE.
GOOD! YAY! THEN YOUR
VISION WAS WRONG
AND EDDIE'S
NOT A THIEF.
YEAH. WHAT IS THIS?
"TO CHANTEL--"
OH! "LOVE, EDDIE!"
OH, MY GOODNESS!
HE BOUGHT HER
A FRIENDSHIP RING!
THAT EXPLAINS
MY VISION.
YEAH, BUT IF HE
DIDN'T STEAL THE MONEY,
HOW DID HE PAY
FOR THAT RING?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT IT LOOKS
EXPENSIVE.
I'M GONNA TRY IT ON.
OH!
YES,
THAT IS BEAUTIFUL!
I KNOW!
IT LOOKS SO PRETTY.
SO PRETTY.
PRETTY STUCK, CHELS.
I CAN'T GET IT OFF
MY FINGER.
RAE, GET IT OFF.
I NEED HELP.
I'LL GO GET EDDIE.
NO! DO NOT GO GET EDDIE!
HE'LL BE SO MAD.
HERE, UM,
PULL MY FINGER.
OH, NO WAY!
MY COUSIN EARL
TRIES THAT ONE
EVERY THANKSGIVING,
RAE, OK.
PULL MY FINGER
TO GET THE RING OFF.
OW! OW!
ONE!
2! READY?
OK, ONE MORE TIME.
AND--OH!
OOOHHH, NOOO!
UH, MRS. APPLEBAUM?
HI, I'M VICTOR BAXTER.
I'M CORY'S DAD.
OH! I CAN SEE
WHERE CORY GETS
HIS GOOD LOOKS.
OH, MRS. APPLEBAUM!
UM, ACTUALLY, THE REASON
WHY I CAME DOWN
IS I'M A LITTLE
CONCERNED ABOUT CORY.
HE'S NOT
DOING WELL IN MATH,
AND THAT'S ALWAYS BEEN
HIS BEST SUBJECT.
I KNOW.
HE DOES MY TAXES.
SAVES US A BUNDLE
EVERY YEAR.
HEH HEH HEH!
UM, BUT HE MENTIONED
SOMETHING ABOUT A TUTOR.
OH, YES, MS. BONITA,
OUR NEW STUDENT TEACHER.
THAT'S HIS TUTOR?
MMH.
"DADDY, I'M DUMB."
YEAH, RIGHT.
I CAN'T SEE
THE RING, CHELS.
RAE, COME ON,
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GOING IN.
COME GRAB MY FEET.
OH! NO!
COUSIN EARL TRIES
THAT ONE, TOO, RAE.
CHELSEA, GET OVER HERE
AND GRAB MY FEET.
I HAVE TO GET EDDIE'S
RING OUT OF HERE!
OK, BE CAREFUL.
OW!
OK!
HOW YOU DOING
DOWN THERE?
OH, I'M STUCK,
I'M STUCK. OH, JEEZ--
OH, I THINK
I GOT SOMETHING.
UH, UH, CHELS?
OK, COME ON!
GET ME OUT! PULL ME OUT!
COME HERE,
COME HERE!
OH, EW! I BROKE SOMETHING
OFF THE MACHINE.
YEAH, RAE, NOT GOOD!
YOU BROKE THE A-4
REGULATOR VALVE.
WHAT? HOW DO YOU
KNOW THIS?
TSK! OK, HOW DO YOU
NOT KNOW THAT?
WILL YOU PLEASE
GO GET ME A TOWEL?
I AM FREEZING.
WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO GET THAT RING
OUT OF THERE.
EW! EW!
I KNOW.
WHAT ARE YOU TWO
DOING IN HERE?
THE STORE
IS SUPPOSED
TO BE CLOSED.
WE COULD ASK YOU
THE SAME QUESTION.
GOOD ONE, RAE!
HA HA!
GO AHEAD, ASK HIM.
LOOK, I JUST CAME BY HERE
TO PICK SOMETHING UP, OK?
NOT THAT IT'S
ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS.
WE HAVE TO STOP HIM
FROM GETTING
INTO THAT SAFE.
OK, I'M ON IT.
ALL RIGHT.
27! 18! 87! 92!
HIKE!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NOTHING, DUDE.
JUST FELT LIKE
SPOUTING OFF
SOME RANDOM NUMBERS.
WAS IT DISTRACTING?
NOOO!
UGH!
OOH, CHANTEL'S
GONNA LOVE ME FOR THIS.
Raven and Chelsea: OH!
THAT WAS
MY VISION PART.
WAIT. THE RING'S GONE.
AND THIS IS THE PART
WHERE HE FREAKS.
SOMEBODY STOLE
CHANTEL'S BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
NO, THEY DIDN'T.
OK, YOU TWO. I WANT
TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
RIGHT NOW.
UM, OK,
FIRST OF ALL, UH,
EVERYTHING WE DID
WE DID BECAUSE
WE CARE ABOUT YOU.
SO...YOU'RE WELCOME.
AND, UM, SECONDLY,
UM, I HAD A VISION
YOU WERE STEALING
OUT OF THE SAFE
TO BUY CHANTEL
A BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
WHAT?!
WELL, I CHECKED OUT
THE SAFE AND I FOUND
OUT THAT EVERYTHING
WAS STILL THERE,
SO IT'S ALL GOOD.
OF COURSE EVERYTHING
WAS STILL THERE, RAE.
I WOULDN'T
STEAL ANYTHING.
WE KNOW! OF COURSE
YOU WOULDN'T, EDDIE!
THANK YOU.
SO HOW'D YOU
GET THE MONEY?
I SOLD
MY CD COLLECTION.
AHA. I SEE, I SEE.
HOW'D YOU
GET THE CDs?
CHRISTMASES, BIRTH--
LOOK, WHY AM I
EVEN TALKING TO YOU?
WHERE IS MY RING?
THAT'S A FUNNY
STORY, EDDIE.
KIND OF FUNNY!
WHAT HAPPENED WAS--
WAS THAT
I PUT ON THE RING
AND IT ENDED UP
IN SEÑOR FREEZY.
HA HA HA!
THAT'S FUNNY.
THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
WELL, Y'ALL
NEED TO HURRY UP
AND FIND THE RING
BECAUSE ANY MINUTE
CHANTEL'S GONNA BE HERE
FOR HER BIG
BIRTHDAY SURPRISE.
YOU GUYS, WE SHOULD
JUST RUN THE MACHINE
AND SEE IF
THE RING COMES OUT.
OH, CHELSEA, PLEASE!
THAT IS SUCH--
SUCH A GOOD IDEA.
YEAH.
OK, I'LL TAKE VANILLA,
EDDIE, YOU TAKE CHOCOLATE,
CHELS,
YOU TAKE STRAWBERRY.
I DON'T REALLY
LIKE STRAWBERRY. WILL
SOMEONE TRADE WITH ME?
GIRL, IF YOU DON'T
GRAB A CONE AND START
LOOKING FOR THE RING--
SOMETHING'S WRONG
WITH THE MACHINE.
IT'S SO MESSY.
I DIDN'T DO
ANYTHING.
ANYWAY, JUST KEEP
LOOKING FOR THE RING.
WELL, WELL, NO LUCK.
OH, NOTHING.
MAN, NADA!
NEXT! SEE? WE GOT
A PRETTY GOOD SYSTEM
GOING HERE, HUH?
YEAH.
[MOTOR GRINDING]
MAYBE I SHOULDN'T
HAVE SAID THAT.
AAH!
AAH! OH, NO!
TURN IT OFF!
RAE!
IT WON'T LISTEN
TO ME! STOP IT!
I DON'T GET IT.
IT'S LIKE SOMEBODY PULLED
THE A-4 REGULATOR VALVE.
HOW DOES EVERYBODY
KNOW THAT?
OH, MY GOSH!
YOU GUYS, IT'S
GETTING EVERYWHERE!
THANKS FOR THE NEWSFLASH,
CAPTAIN OBVIOUS!
OK, ALL RIGHT,
HOLD ON!
GET THE RING, EDDIE,
GET THE RING!
I'M TRYING TO FEEL IT, RAE,
I'M TRYING TO FEEL IT.
I CAN'T HOLD IT
ANYMORE!
HOLD--HEY, HEY, HEY!
AAH! HELP!
WAAH!
AAH!
SPREAD IT AROUND!
I CAN'T FIND IT, EDDIE!
GO OVER THERE!
CHANTEL WILL
BE HERE ANY MINUTE!
EDDIE, I'M READY
FOR MY SURPRISE--OH!
DON'T TELL ME SOMEONE
PULLED THE A-4
REGULATOR VALVE.
WE CAN'T TURN
THIS THING OFF!
YEAH, I GUESS
THAT WOULD BE
ONE WAY TO DO IT.
IS EVERYBODY OK?
YEAH, YEAH.
OK, GOOD. SO, EDDIE,
WHERE'S MY SURPRISE?
SURPRISE?
UH, UH...
SURPRISE!
OH, IT'S
AN ICE CREAM CONE.
LOOK, BABY,
I REALLY TRIED
TO DO SOMETHING SPECIAL
FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY.
IT JUST--EVERYTHING
GOT ALL MESSED UP.
WHAT IS THIS?
THERE'S A RING
IN MY ICE CREAM.
YOU FOUND IT?
I MEAN, YOU FOUND IT!
EDDIE,
IT'S BEAUTIFUL!
HA HA!
HA HA HA! I FIXED YOU UP
GOOD, HUH, SILLY LADY?
HEH HEH HEH!
"TO CHANTEL,
LOVE, EDDIE" OHH!
OH!
SO I SEE THE ICE CREAM
THING WORKED OUT WELL.
I FORGOT.
WHO'D I PUT IN CHARGE?
OH, THAT WOULD BE ME,
MS. DEPAULO. HEH HEH!
FINE. CLEAN UP
THIS MESS,
THEN YOU'RE FIRED!
BUT, MS. DEPAULO!
OH! UNH!
IS THERE
ANY MORE JOBS
IN THE LIBRARY?
[WOLF WHISTLE]
LOOK AT YOU
ALL DRESSED UP
FOR TUTORING.
WELL, DRESS SMART,
BE SMART.
HEH HEH!
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ALL READY.
UM, DO YOU WANT ME
TO STICK AROUND?
UH, THANKS,
BUT, NO, THANKS.
WHY DON'T YOU GO
WAIT IN THE KITCHEN?
[DOORBELL RINGS]
SHE'S HERE!
GET IN THE KITCHEN!
MS. APPLEBAUM?
LET'S GET TO WORK, CORY.
WHERE'S MS. BONITA?
IS SHE OUTSIDE
PARKING THE CAR?
CHANGE OF PLANS, SON.
HOPE YOU DON'T MIND.
YOUR FATHER DECIDED
THAT ANY BOY THIS SERIOUS
ABOUT IMPROVING HIS GRADES
NEEDS A TEACHER WITH
MANY YEARS OF EXPERIENCE.
MM-HMM.
AND THAT WOULD
BE MRS. APPLEBAUM.
WAIT A MINUTE.
17 TIMES 32 IS 544.
THE SQUARE ROOT
OF 144 IS 12!
1/2 TIMES 1/2
EQUALS 1/4!
AND 25% OF 200 IS 50!
MR. BAXTER,
IT SEEMS THAT CORY'S
GOT HIS
MATH MOJO BACK.
I FIGURED HE WOULD.
DADDY, I'M NOT DUMB!
IT'S A MIRACLE!
HEY, CHANTEL, YOU
DON'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY.
OH, IT'S OK.
I CAN HANDLE IT.
YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN
WORKING SO HARD.
YEAH. RAE, CHELS.
LOOK, I'M SORRY.
WE WERE SUPPOSED
TO BE A TEAM AND--
AND I WAS A HORRIBLE
BOSS AND AN EVEN
WORSE FRIEND.
WE FORGIVE YOU.
OH, THANK YOU, GUYS.
CHANTEL, UH, LOOK,
I WAS ACTING
LIKE A BIG SHOT
TO IMPRESS YOU,
BUT IN REALITY
I'M JUST A REGULAR GUY
WHO CAN'T AFFORD
TO TAKE YOU TO ALL
OF THESE FANCY PLACES.
EDDIE, I DON'T LIKE
YOU BECAUSE YOU TAKE
ME TO FANCY PLACES.
YOU DON'T?
NO! I LIKE YOU
BECAUSE YOU'RE
MY SNOOKIE-PUSS.
OH, COOKIE LIPS!
COME ON, BISCUIT HEAD,
LET'S GET TO WORK.
AWWW! GIVE ME A HUG!
SON, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
OH! WARMING UP.
I'M HAVING
SOME TROUBLE IN P.E.,
SO I GOT A TUTOR.
WHERE DO YOU GET
A TUTOR FOR GYM?
YOU'D BE SURPRISED.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
HELLO, PIXIE.
GOOD-BYE, PIXIE.
DAD!
YOU WANT
A TUTOR FOR GYM?
THEN DROP AND
GIVE ME 20, SOLIDER!
BUT--
NOW!
ONE!
UNH!
1 1/2.
MAYBE YOU DO
NEED A TUTOR.